##original
start
#platform maze
milestone: white: green-green
milestone: red: black-yellow
milestone: white: magenta-red
milestone: green: cyan-green
milestone: blue: red-green
milestone: green: blue-green
milestone: blue: white-black
milestone: red: magenta-yellow
milestone: blue: white-red
milestone: red: red-blue
milestone: green: green-magenta

#pick-a-rail
milestone: red: cyan-red

#hexagon
milestone: green: red-green
green: white-green
blue: blue-green
red: red-green
white: yellow-red
milestone: blue: yellow-blue

#1-2, white area
white: black-cyan
white: white-magenta
white: white-magenta

#circle, green area
green: blue-yellow
green: red-blue
green: green-blue
green: blue-blue
green: red-yellow
green: green-yellow

#towers of hanoi, blue area
blue: white-green
blue: cyan-green
blue: white-green
milestone: blue: magenta-red
blue: white-green
blue: cyan-green
blue: white-green
end

#hint-found
start
#starting area
milestone: green: red-green
milestone: white: green-green
milestone: red: black-yellow
milestone: blue: red-green
milestone: white: magenta-red
milestone: green: blue-green
milestone: red: magenta-yellow
milestone: blue: white-red
milestone: green: cyan-green
milestone: blue: white-black
milestone: red: red-blue
milestone: green: green-magenta
milestone: red: cyan-red
green: white-green
red: red-green
white: yellow-red
milestone: blue: yellow-blue

#outer area
white: black-cyan
white: white-magenta
white: white-magenta
green: green-yellow
green: red-yellow
green: blue-blue
green: green-blue
blue: white-green
blue: cyan-green
blue: white-green
milestone: blue: magenta-red
blue: white-green
blue: cyan-green
blue: white-green
end
